Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
Answer
Key Feature of HTTP1.1.It supports connection reuse i.e. for every TCP connection there could be multiple requests and responses, and pipelining where the client can request sev1ral resources from the server at once. However, pipelining was hard to implement due to issues such as head-of-line blocking and was not a feasible solution.
Key Feature of HTTP2 is Uses multiplexing, where over a single TCP connection resources to be delivered are interleaved and arrive at the client almost at the same time. It is done using streams which can be prioritized, can have dependencies and individual flow control. It also provides a feature called server push that allows the server to send data that the client will need but has not yet requested
Status Code of HTTP1.1 is to Introduces a warning header field to carry additional information about the status of a message. Can define 24 status codes, error reporting is quicker and more efficient
status code of HTTP2 is Underlying semantics of HTTP such as headers, status codes remains the same.
Authentication Mechanism of HTTP1.1 it is relatively secure since it uses digest authentication, NTLM authentication.
Authentication Mechanism of HTTP2 is Security concerns from previous versions will continue to be seen in HTTP/2. However, it is better equipped to deal with them due to new TLS features like connection error of type Inadequate_Security

Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript?
Answer

Objects are an important part of programming in Javascript. They are used to store data and provide structure to data. Objects are represented internally in Javascript as a set of key-value pairs.
A key-value pair is a combination of a key and a value. The key is a string, number, or symbol that is used to identify the value. The value can be any type of data, including strings, numbers, objects, functions, and so on.

When an object is created in Javascript, the key-value pairs are stored in an internal representation called a hash table. This internal representation allows the object to quickly access and retrieve its values when needed.

When an object is accessed in Javascript, the internal representation is used to find the value associated with a given key. This process is called hashing. Hashing is a fast and efficient way to retrieve data from an object.

Objects in Javascript are also capable of storing other objects. This is done through the use of nested objects. A nested object is an object that is stored within another object. This allows for more complex data structures to be created and stored.

Finally, objects in Javascript can also be used to create custom classes. Custom classes are objects that are
